docs: Updating Azure CNI chaining as Legacy approach (#28571)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/installation/cni-chaining-azure-cni.rst

.. _chaining_azure:

******************
Azure CNI (Legacy)
******************

.. note::

>    The best way to run cilium on AKS is through :ref:`aks_install` or `Azure CNI Powered by Cilium <https://aka.ms/aks/cilium-dataplane>`_.

Reviewer: Nit: please wrap the line.

```suggestion
   The best way to run cilium on AKS is through :ref:`aks_install` or
   `Azure CNI Powered by Cilium <https://aka.ms/aks/cilium-dataplane>`__.
```

   This guide provides alternative instructions to run Cilium with Azure CNI

>    in a chaining configuration which is the legacy way of running Azure CNI with

Reviewer 2: nit: seems like this could be two sentences ... i.e. in chaining configuration.  This is the legacy way...

>    cilium as Azure IPAM is legacy, more info :ref:`ipam_azure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cilium as Azure IPAM is legacy, for more information see :ref:`ipam_azure`.
```
